argos-translate: add page (#14898)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/argos-translate.md

# argos-translate

> > An Open-source offline translation library and CLI tool written in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> An open-source offline translation library and CLI tool written in Python.
```

> > An Open-source offline translation library written in Python. Also CLI tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> An Open-source offline translation library and CLI tool written in Python.
```
How about this?

> More information: <https://www.argosopentech.com/>.

> - Install translation pair from Spanish to English:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install translation pairs for Spanish to English translation:
```

`argospm install translate-es_en`

> - Translate some text from Spanish (es) to English (en). Mind to use only two letter codes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Translate some text from Spanish (es) to English (en) (Note: only two letter language codes are supported):
```

> - Translate some text from Spanish (es) to English (en) (Note: only two letter language codes are supported):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Translate some text from Spanish (`es`) to English (`en`) (Note: only two letter language codes are supported):
```

`argos-translate --from-lang es --to-lang en {{un texto corto}}`

- Translate a text file from English to Hindi:

> `cat {{text_file.txt}} | argos-translate --from-lang en --to-lang hi`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cat {{path/to/file.txt}} | argos-translate --from-lang en --to-lang hi`
```

> - List of installed translation pairs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List all installed translation pairs:
```

`argospm list`

> - Show translation pairs from English available to be installed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show translation pairs from English that are available to be installed:
```

`argospm search --from-lang en`

- Update installed language package pairs:

`argospm update`

> - Translate from `ar` to `ru`. When the translation pairs `translate-es_en` and `translate-en_ru` are installed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Translate from `ar` to `ru` (Note: this requires the translation pairs `translate-es_en` and `translate-en_ru` to be installed):
```

> - Translate from `ar` to `ru` (Note: this requires the translation pairs `translate-es_en` and `translate-en_ru` to be installed):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Translate from `ar` to `ru` (Note: this requires the translation pairs `translate-ar_en` and `translate-en_ru` to be installed):
```
